---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "firecrest_job Resource - firecrest"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a FirecREST Job.
---

# firecrest_job (Resource)

Manages a FirecREST Job.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manages a Firecrest Job.
resource "firecrest_job" "example" {
  job_name       = "example-job"
  machine_name   = "machine-example"
  account        = "account-example"
  hours          = 1
  minutes        = 30
  nodes          = 1
  tasks_per_core = 1
  tasks_per_node = 1
  cpus_per_task  = 1
  partition      = "normal"
  executable     = "example_executable.sh"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) Account name for the job.
- `base_url` (String) Base url for the API requests.
- `cpus_per_task` (Number) The number of cpus per task. Defines the number of OpenMP threads per MPI rank. The maximum value depends on the number of tasks per node.
- `executable` (String) The executable to run in the job.
- `hours` (Number) The hours allocated for the job.
- `job_name` (String) The name for job.
- `machine_name` (String) The name of the machine where the job will run.
- `minutes` (Number) The minutes allocated for the job.
- `nodes` (Number) Specify the number of nodes.
- `partition` (String) The partition on which you want to submit your job. (normal, low, xfer, debug, prepost)
- `tasks_per_core` (Number) The number of tasks per core. Values greater than one turn hyperthreading on.
- `tasks_per_node` (Number) The number of tasks per node. Defines the number of MPI ranks per node. The maximum value depends on the number of cpus per task.

### Optional

- `constraint` (String) The constraint for the job submission.
- `email` (String) Specify your email address to get notified when the job changes state.
- `env` (String) The environment variables for the job.
- `job_script` (String) The sbatch script to be submitted.
- `token` (String) Token from the KeyCloak loging.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Numeric identifier of the job.
- `job_id` (String) The job ID of the submitted job.
- `output_file` (String) The path to the job's output File.
- `path_url` (String) The IP of the computed Node.
- `state` (String) The state of the job.
- `task_id` (String) The id of the task.
